README.md, before:

Sticky Notes pastebin v0.4
===========================

Sticky notes is a free and open source pastebin application.
This software is protected by the BSD license, which means that you can freely
copy and share the software and its source code, and you are free to adapt from 
this work. Although you may not remove the original copyright notice whatsoever. 
For details, please see: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php

[![](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/20549.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/20549)

Copyright (c) 2013, Sayak Banerjee <mail@sayakbanerjee.com>
All rights reserved.


Installation
=============

Step 1 - Setting up the config file
------------------------------------
Rename config.sample.php to config.php
Fill in the database details. 

Step 2 - Running the installation script
-----------------------------------------
Open install.php and comment out line 19 (the line with the $gsod->trigger(...)
function). Visit http://www.yoursite.com/install in your internet browser
(assuming that Sticky Notes resides in the root folder of that site. Adjust the
URL accordingly).
Once the install script finishes executing, it should display "Successfully
installed" on the browser window.
Now uncomment line 19 again. This is strongly recommended for security reasons.
You may as well completely remove install.php from your hosts root folder.

Step 3 - Adding themes
-----------------------
Copy the theme folder within the "skins" folder.
Make sure the name of the folder is in lower case. 
For example, if the skin is BlueNinja, the folder's name should be blueninja.
Now go to admin panel -> site configuration, and select the theme from the
list. Save your configuration by clicking the 'Save' button at the bottom.

Step 4 - Adding localization files
-----------------------------------
Copy the localization script (for example en_us.php) to the "lang" folder.
Make sure the file name is in lowercase.
Now login to the admin panel -> site configuration and change the language
code. Save your configuration by clicking the 'Save' button at the bottom.

Commit message:

Update the install script to use MyISAM. Logic for unique url keys added.

README.md, after:

Sticky Notes pastebin v0.4
===========================

Sticky notes is a free and open source pastebin application.
This software is protected by the BSD license, which means that you can freely
copy and share the software and its source code, and you are free to adapt from 
this work. Although you may not remove the original copyright notice whatsoever. 
For details, please see: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php

[![](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/20549.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/20549)

Copyright (c) 2013, Sayak Banerjee <mail@sayakbanerjee.com>
All rights reserved.


Installation
=============

Step 1 - Setting up the config file
------------------------------------
Rename config.sample.php to config.php
Fill in the database details. 

Step 2 - Running the installation script
-----------------------------------------
Open install.php and comment out line 19 (the line with the $gsod->trigger(...)
function). Visit http://www.yoursite.com/install in your internet browser
(assuming that Sticky Notes resides in the root folder of that site. Adjust the
URL accordingly).
Once the install script finishes executing, it should display "Successfully
installed" on the browser window.
Now uncomment line 19 again. This is strongly recommended for security reasons.
You may as well completely remove install.php from your host's root folder.

Step 3 - Adding themes
-----------------------
Copy the theme folder within the "skins" folder.
Make sure the name of the folder is in lower case. 
For example, if the skin is BlueNinja, the folder's name should be blueninja.
Now go to admin panel -> site configuration, and select the theme from the
list. Save your configuration by clicking the 'Save' button at the bottom.

Step 4 - Adding localization files
-----------------------------------
Copy the localization script (for example en_us.php) to the "lang" folder.
Make sure the file name is in lowercase.
Now login to the admin panel -> site configuration and change the language
code. Save your configuration by clicking the 'Save' button at the bottom.


Upgrading
==========

You can upgrade your Sticky Notes installation from v0.3 to v0.4 using the
automated update script. Simply comment out line 16 and visit
http://yoursite.com/upgrade/ in your browser. Once upgrade is complete,
remember to comment out line 16 again or remove upgrade.php from your root
folder.
